Here's what you missed last week.
Quinn's parents found
out she's pregnant...
because Finn told them in song.
- We didn't even have sex.
- They kicked her out. Now she's living at Finn's house.
Everyone thinks that Finn's the
father, though really it's Puck.
I don't care ifthat baby
comes out with a Mohawk.
I will go to my grave
swearing it's Finn's.
- And that's what you missed on—
- ♪ Glee ♪
Hey, fella.
Unless my write-up in Splits! magazine
naming me cheerleading coach ofthe decade...
has me driven completely insane,
I'm pretty sure you and
I had an agreement...
that you were going to show me your
Glee Club set list for sectionals.
Sorry, Sue. I didn't think you were all
that interested in Glee Club anymore.
Not interested? Why, I'm the fine
arts administrator or something.
Um, well, I will make
sure you get a copy.
That'd be fantastic. I'd hate to
have to go to Figgins about this.
- Hey, Will?
- Yes?
I'd like my magazine back, please.
Thankyou.
[ Will Narrating ] Here's the
problem with Sue Sylvester.
You never quite know where you
stand. I knew she was up to something.
Five, six, seven,
eight. Step-ball-change.
Step, step. Un, da, seven, eight.
Step-ball-change.
Step, step, uh.
You guys go. Step-ba— Brittany.
Coach Sylvester didn't
tell me to do this.
- [ School Bell Rings ]
- [ Will Narrating ] It kept getting worse.
Hey there, pal. Would you
remind me once again...
the names ofthe schools you'll be
competing against at sectionals?
Jane Addams Academy and
Haverbrook School for the Deaf.
Got it. What are their zip codes?
[ Will ] She's leaking our competitive
set list to the other schools.
Ifthe other Glee Clubs
get set lists and videos,
they'll know exactly how
to beat us at sectionals.
Well, first, don't let Sue
distract you. All right?
And ifyou can't take
Muhammad to the mountain,
then you got to get Muhammad to
bring the mountain down to his house.
Muhammad's house, wherever he's staying.
I don't understand. Look, you should
drive over toJane Addams Academy...
and ask the director point-blank.
Ifsomething's going on, you'll know.
Hmm.
[ Door Buzzes ]
All right. Oh. Thanks.
[ Detector Chirps ]
[ Chirping ]
Thanks.
You're a good kid, Aphasia.
Why did you try to rob a bank?
Because, Miss Hitchens, that's
where they keep the money.
Go back to class.
Hi, Miss Hitchens. I'm Will
Schuester from McKinley High.
Aphasia, give Mr.
Schuester his wallet back.
Wow. She's— She's good. [ Chuckles ]
Um— Uh, thankyou.
Thankyou for seeing me.
We don't get a lot ofother
educators paying us visits.
Right. Um, well, the
reason I'm here is...
[ Chuckles ] a little weird.
So I guess the best thing for me
to do isjust come right out with it.
I think our cheerleading coach has been passing
along our set list for sectionals to you.
What kind of messed-up
school are you people running?
You think that because our students are
thieves and arsonists, we're cheaters too?
No, no, no. It's not you. It's Sue.
Do you know that we don't have
costumes or even an auditorium?
Our show choir has to
practice out in the rec yard.
This is Ohio. We have weather.
You don't have to tell me
about underfunding for the arts.
Look, all I know is that our
choir seems to be the only thing...
that keeps my girls from recidivism.
It makes them feel
good about themselves.
I'm not gonna cheat and risk that...
just so we can get a leg up on
your school of privileged misfits.
Especially from what I hear. We're
probably gonna take you anyway.
Really? And who'd you hear that from?
I had my spies at your invitational.
Want some coffee? Please.
I'm— I'm really sorry.
I-I didn't mean to offend you.
Let me make it up to you.
You guys don't have an
auditorium. Come use ours.
Yeah, let's have a little,
uh, scrimmage at our place.
[ Will ] Okay, guys, so, first ofall,
I want to welcome Miss Hitchens
and theJane Addams Glee Club.
We're all very happy
to have you guys here.
So, um, we're gonna let
you guys start us off.
Let's see what you got.
Hit it.
♪Jayelle, can you handle this ♪
♪ Shadonta can you handle this ♪
♪ Aphasia, can you handle this ♪
♪ I don't think they
can handle this ♪
♪ Better move 'cause we've arrived ♪
♪ Lookin' sexy Lookin' fly ♪
♪ Baddest chicks chicks inside ♪
♪ Deejay,jam tonight ♪
♪ Spotted me, a tender thing
There you are Come on, baby ♪
♪ Don't you wanna dance with me ♪
♪ Can you handle, handle me ♪
♪ Lookin' hot Smellin' good ♪
♪ Groovin' like I'm from the hood ♪
♪ Over my shoulder
I blow you a kiss ♪
♪ Can you handle, handle this ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
- ♪ I don't thinkyou're ready for thisjelly ♪
♪ I don't thinkyou're
ready for thisjelly ♪
♪ I don't think
you're ready for this ♪
♪ 'Cause my body's too
bootylicious foryou, babe ♪
♪ I don't thinkyou're
ready for thisjelly ♪
♪ I don't think you're
- ♪ No, no ♪
- ♪ I don't think you're ready for this ♪
♪ 'Cause my body's too
bootylicious foryou, babe ♪
♪ Move your body up
and down ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Make your booty touch
the ground ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪
♪ I can't help but wonder why ♪
♪ Is my vibe too
vibealicious foryou, babe ♪
♪ I shake myjelly at every chance ♪
♪ When I whip with my hips
you slip into a trance ♪
♪ I'm hopin' you can handle
all thisjelly that I have ♪
♪ Now let's cut a rug
while we scat somejazz ♪
♪ My body ♪ ♪♪ [ Vocalizing ]
♪ Pow, pow, pow, pow ♪
♪ I don't thinkyou're
ready for thisjelly ♪
♪ I don't think you're ready for
thisjelly ♪ ♪ Whoo, whoo-ooh, baby ♪
♪ I don't think
you're ready for this ♪
♪ 'Cause my body's too
bootylicious foryou ♪
♪ I don't think you're
ready for thisjelly ♪
♪ Don't think you're
ready, baby No, no, no ♪
♪ I don't think
you're ready for this ♪
- ♪ Is my body too bootylicious foryou, baby ♪
- ♪ Ahh ♪
♪ I don't thinkyou're
ready for thisjelly ♪
♪ I don't think you're ready
for thisjelly ♪ ♪ Baby ♪
♪ I don't think
you're ready for this ♪
♪ 'Cause my body's too
bootylicious foryou, baby ♪♪
[ Hitchens ] Yeah.
[ Cheering ]
[ All Chattering ] [ Girl ] Good luck.
Good luck.
Mr. Schue, you seem concerned.
What? No. I mean, they were great.
But we'rejust as good.
Mr. Schue, if I may
- What they were doing was just all smoke and mirrors.
It's called "hairography." What?
Hairography. All the whizzing
oftheir hair around...
just to distract from the fact that
they're not really good dancers.
And their vocals werejust so-so.
Trust me. We have
nothing to be afraid of.
- [ Sighs ]
- [ School Bell Rings ]
All right, guys, I did
some thinking last night.
I think I found our new
number for sectionals.
We're gonna do the title song from Hair.
Now, this show started a revolution.
Wait, did they have Mohawks back
then? Like in the '20s or whatever?
Yeah, Mr. Schue, ifwe're gonna do a song
about hair, shouldn't we have more hair?
I'm one step ahead
ofyou. Here are yourwigs.
Cool. Mr. Schuester. What are you doing?
We are fine the way we are. We don't
need hairography. It'sjust a distraction.
Look, I have to be honest. ThoseJane
Addams girls did freak me out a little.
And I'm worried about our
chances for sectionals.
I mean, we have to pull out
all the stops ifwe wanna win.
- [ Chattering ]
- [ Chuckles ]
Lookin' great, guys. [ Chuckling ]
[ School Bell Rings ] [ Puck
] Saw it in the bookstore.
Figured I'd steal it foryou, you
know, in case you change your mind,
decide you wanna keep it.
That is so sweet.
To be honest,
I really don't know what I'm
gonna do about it anymore.
My mind's pretty messed
up about everything.
Well, whateveryou decide. No pressure.
[ Thinking ] Thank God for Puck.
Thanks to him, I'm
starting to realize...
that what I need right now, even
more than looser pants, is acceptance.
[ Laughing ] Everyone is
putting so much pressure on me.
It's so easy for them to be distracted.
I don't have that
luxury. I am under siege.
You don't drink diet soda, do you?
Because the phosphoric acid
causes male pattern baldness.
- The baby's a girl.
- Women go bald too.
You worry too much, Terri. Mom smoked and
drank a bottle of Riunite on ice every night...
when she was pregnant with
us, and we're totally normal.
Just take yourvitamins,
stay out ofthe hot tub...
and avoid rum-based
drinks, and you'll be fine.
[ Thinking ] Maybe the problem isn't
that I don't wanna keep the baby.
The problem is that I don't
wanna keep the baby with Finn.
Maybe I didn't give
Puck enough ofa chance.
He is the real dad, after all.
Finn would freak if I started
spending time with Puck though.
I need to distract him so that
I can take Puck for a test drive.
But how?
Mmm. Forget about it. She
looks like a five-year-old.
Still, maybe with a
little bit of makeup.
- [ School Bell Rings ]
- Hey, Kurt,
can I pickyour pink brain for a second?
Why, hello, Quinn. To
what do I owe the honor?
I do believe this is the first
time you've ever spoken to me.
I'm sorry about that. Anyways,
I have a proposition to make.
A makeover. I'm in. Makeovers
are like crack to me.
Uh-huh. My suggestion: Spanx.
Or a double-knit camisole with
a control top for the baby bump.
Also, baby doll dresses
- dead giveaway.
Not for me. For Rachel.
[ Chuckles ] Why would I wanna do that?
I admit I like a challenge
as much as the next guy,
but Rachel somehow manages to dress like a
grandmother and a toddler at the same time.
My point exactly.
You're as concerned about the
Glee Club succeeding as I am.
And she's a distraction. Look
at her. She's wearing a pantsuit.
Don't you think thejudges are
gonna take one look at her...
and maybe wanna knock
her down a peg or two?
And to think I thought
you were a dumb blonde.
Deal.
Good night. Good night.
[ Gasps ] What are you doing?
I'm trying to be intimate with my
wife. No, you're trying to have sex.
Well— I— Not intimacy.
Ifyou wanted intimacy, you—
you would ask me how I'm
feeling about being pregnant.
You're right.
[ Exhales ] I'm sorry.
It's okay.
It will all be worth it
when she shows up, right?
Yeah. Ofcourse.
Love you. Love you.
[ Thinking ] There's no
way I can keep this up.
He's gonna catch on.
I miss him too though.
I do wanna have a family with him.
I only ever started lying about
all ofthis to give us a chance.
I just need to buy
myself some more time.
I've got to distract him with something.
But what?
Oh!
The key is to never wax above the
eyebrow. Always shape from below.
Trust me. I get a lot of
practice. Look at mine.
[ Exhales ] Kurt,
why did you volunteer
to give me a new look?
One, I'm a sucker for makeovers.
And two, you need something to
distract from your horrible personality.
Most ofthe time, I find it hard
to be in the same room with you.
Especially this one.
Which looks like where Strawberry
Shortcake and Holly Hobbie come to hook up.
You're extremely talented, Rachel.
Watching you perform is amazing.
But sometimes it's hard to appreciate
what a good singeryou are...
because all I'm thinking about
is shoving a sock into your mouth.
Well, what kind of makeover
did you have in mind?
[ Inhales ] We need
to broaden your appeal.
I want every boy at school to do
a double take when you strut past.
Well, there's really onlyjust...
one boy that I'd like to impress.
Can you keep a secret? Ofcourse.
- I'm in love with Finn.
- Really?
I understand completely.
Let's move on to makeup.
I happen to know for a fact that
Finn is attracted to loose women.
What? Quinn is so wholesome.
Let me put this into
musical theater parlance.
In Grease, what did Sandy
do to get Danny Zuko?
She had to ditch the poodle
skirt and slap on a catsuit.
In short, she had to dress like a ho.
Maybe ifyour look was better,
more desirable,
Finn would be in your arms right now.
Huh. Instead ofQuinn's.
What's going on, Ter? Just
a couple more steps, okay?
All right, stop. Okay.
Is that the Blue Bomber? Oh! It is.
[ Chuckles ] I remember I
tookyou to prom in this car.
We did it in the backseat. Well,
this isn't actually your old car.
I found this one on eBay. [ Exhales ] You
know, I always regretted selling this car.
I know. That's why I got you this one.
I thought maybe working on it
would be a— a distraction...
from all the pressure that you've
been under. You are the best.
Oh! Mmm.
Ho-Honey? Yeah?
Um, could you go and
get me a frozen yogurt?
Yeah, yeah. Sure. Oh.
Maybe I'll stop by Pep Boys.
Maybe they have some
advice. That's a good idea.
Yeah. Take your time, honey.
How can you bring her here? What if he
saw her? You're gonna wanna hear this.
I gave Little Miss
Peroxide my phone number...
in case ofan emergency, and she
called to drop the bomb on me!
What? What bomb?
What is it?
I'm keeping my baby.
Oh— [ School Bell Rings ]
Look, we had no intention ofdiscriminating
against your Glee Club, Mr. Rumba.
We extended an invitation to
theJane Addams Academy to perform...
because we're lucky enough to have
better facilities than they do.
And you think we don't
have the same problem?
I run the Glee Club at
a school for the deaf.
Do you think I'm rollin' around in
deafchoir money? [ Phone Ringing ]
Sure, my kids may be deaf, but that
shouldn't distract everyone from the fact...
that they still have
a song in their heart,
and they should have the same chance
as everyone else to express it.
Now, I had scarlet fever as a
kid, leaving me deaf in one ear.
So I remember what it's like to have
full hearing. [ Ringing Continues ]
But my poor kids don't
know the difference.
All they know is that
they love performing,
and then they have to hear that McKinley went
and invited those bad girls to the school?
That'sjust not fair. It's not
fair. I thinkyour phone's ringing.
What? Your phone's ringing.
No, I got it on vibrate.
All I am saying is that...
it would be nice ifyou went
and hosted another scrimmage...
and had the courtesy
to invite us this time.
I couldn't agree more. What's that?
I said, I agree with you.
Okay. I can't hearyou.
Talk into this ear.
Scarlet fever. I'm sorry-
[ Louder ] You're on! Um, how's Monday?
No. It has to be Monday. Yes, all right.
Monday. I-I can't wait to— to
see the kids do their numbers.
Well, you don't have to make fun
of me with those hand gestures.
No, I didn't— I didn't mean to.
Okay. Let me check with my secretary.
Oh, damn. Four missed calls.
What's that?
Oh, I-I didn't say anything.
Yes, thank you. I take it
black. Two sugars. [ Beeps ]
Hello? [ Woman ] Hello?
Hello? Hello?
I can't do this anymore.
It's time to tell him.
[ Will ] Terri? Yeah, honey?
- Oh, hey, Kendra.
- Damn, Will.
You make one sexy grease monkey.
[ Groans ] I am having so much fun.
Working with my hands, searching
for parts all over town.
I feel like I'm in a
Springsteen song. [ Chuckles ]
Well, I gotta get some old
dish towels, mop up the grime.
Oh, God.
That car is a perfect distraction.
I would get something like that for Phil if
I didn't think it would make him so happy.
What's the difference? He's gonna
get pretty damn suspicious...
when I come home from the
hospital without a baby.
You need to relax.
And drink more.
I have got this whole
thing figured out. You do?
Mm-hmm.
Blondie's due date is
right around spring break.
You and I are gonna have
a little ladies' week...
at a spa down in Cincy that
caters to the prenatal set.
But in reality, we're gonna be camped
out at Woo's office with Quinn...
until that high school hussy drops.
Oh. That's a great plan—
except for the fact that Quinn
won't give us her baby anymore.
But she will, dummy.
We have to distract her with
the reality of her situation.
How are we gonna do that?
She needs money. I'm gonna
have her babysit my kids.
Five minutes alone with those little
mongrels, and she'll have her tubes tied.
You're so smart. You got the beauty,
but I got the brains and the beauty.
- [ Laughs ]
- [ School Bell Rings ]
Hey, Rachel.
Oh. Hey, Finn. I didn't see you there.
Did you want to ask me something?
Uh, yeah. I-I just
forgot. I got distracted.
I'm glad I got your attention. I wanted to
know ifyou wanted to come over on Friday night.
As someone who's had long, luxurious locks
since I was a toddler in the pageant circuit,
I figured I could give you
some... tips on our Hair number.
Yeah, that-that'd be great. Uh—
Great. How's 8:00?
8:00 is terrific. It's terrific.
Objective achieved. Commence phase two.
Hey, Quinn.
I, uh, wanted to ask your permission...
to maybe do something on Friday night ifyou're
- Oh, that's fine.
I'm babysitting anyways.
Oh, uh, cool. I'll see you.
Okay. Yeah.
Hey. What are you doing on Friday?
Just the usual. I was gonna stand
outside the 7-Eleven looking depressed...
until someone offered
to buy me beer, but-
What's going on? You wanna
maybe babysit with me?
[ School Bell Rings ]
Some ofyou, particularly the
guys, have come up to me...
with some questions about hairography.
One ofour own has volunteered
to walk us through it.
She has got it down.
Brittany, take it away.
Take what away?
Show us what you got. Oh.
All right.
So, hairography
- it works best when you pretend like you're getting Tasered.
So you just move your head around
like you're spazzing and stuff.
♪♪ [ Piano ]
- Wow.
- Very nice.
[ Laughter]
Yay, Brittany. She's really good.
See, guys, it's like cool epilepsy.
[ Will ] Come on, guys. Oh.
[ Will ] Let's see what you got. Whoa!
- Yeah.
- Good, guys. Yeah. Just relax and go for it.
- All right.
- Looks crazy.
You look crazy. [ Chattering, Laughter]
- [ Laughter Continues ]
- Oh, I just swallowed some.
[ Chattering, Laughter ]
When is the lying gonna stop, Sue?
I don't know what you're talking about.
You've been spying on
me, and we both know it.
You'll do anything to torpedo
Glee Club, and it has got to stop!
[ Sue ] I resent that
accusation, William.
And one I understand you've been making to
our friends at Haverbrook and Jane Addams.
And it's an outrageous affront
to my sterling reputation!
That being said, fine. I
have been checking up on you.
Because I don't like
what's going on in there.
Do you know why I make each of my Cheerios
wear her hair pulled back in a ponytail?
Because I don't want to distract
from her impeccable talent.
You seem to be taking the
opposite approach, Will.
And that leads me to believe you
knowyour kids don't have what it takes.
I believe in my kids. Well, maybe
in the beginning, but not now,
now that you've seen the
competition that threatens...
your very position at this school!
You're going to get me an
updated set list by 5:00 tomorrow.
And ifthere's anything on
that list that involves...
demeaning, fruity hair
tossing, I'm cutting it!
I will not let you
dictate my number choices.
And you are not getting that list.
Well, then I'm back as codirector.
[ Sighs ]
Okay, guys, from the
top. [ Claps Hands ]
[ Rachel ] I'll just be a second.
Thanks again for helping me
out with this hairography stuff.
Yeah. I mean, you know, it's
all about getting warmed up.
Could you think ofa song, maybe,
that we could practice with?
What about the
- the one from Grease?
Y-You know, we did it when
you firstjoined the club?
Well, uh, okay. Only I wasjust mostly...
nervous that day, but it-
Tell me about it, stud.
♪♪ [ Piano: Intro ]
♪ I got chills ♪
♪ They're multiplyin' ♪
♪ And I'm losing control ♪
♪ 'Cause the power♪
♪ You're supplyin'
It's electrifyin' ♪
♪ You better shape up ♪
♪ 'Cause I need a man ♪
- ♪ But my heart is set on you ♪♪
- Wait. Stop. Stop.
[ Clicks Off] What's wrong?
I need to be honest with you. I'm—
I'm... really uncomfortable right now,
and I'm gonna say this as
nicely as I possibly can,
but you look like a... sad clown hooker.
- What?
- This look, it—
itjust isn't you.
I mean, maybe when I first saw it,
I was caught off guard by the fact...
that you looked all
adult and stuff, but...
it's not what's really
great about you, Rachel.
I actually like the
way you usually dress—
sequined leg warmers and stuff.
I thought this is what you liked.
No. Not at all.
Funny. I wasjust having
this conversation...
last week with Kurt, and he asked me-
[ School Bell Rings ] So,
what kind ofgirls do you like?
Oh. Uh, well, I like them
when they're natural and stuff.
Uh, not a lot of makeup.
Not skin-tight clothes.
That sort ofthing, you know? Totally.
I feel like an idiot.
No, no. This is my fault.
It isn't right for me to be here anyway.
But I really like you, Rachel.
I gotta go.
[ Children Screaming ]
I told you we should have
been the cowboys. My bad.
What are we gonna do about this?
Who are you texting?
Uh, Mike Chang. He's got wig problems.
Well, put the phone down and help me
with this knot. I've almost got it.
[ Screaming Continues ]
[ Groans ] Stop that! Not the table!
[ Groans ] Think ofsomething!
I brought my guitar. Why
don't we sing them a lullaby.
- Give me this. Hey, kids, look at me.
- [ Screaming Stops ]
Want to see a real, live music video?
- Yeah.
- [ Quinn ] Okay.
♪ Papa, I knowyou're
going to be upset ♪
♪ 'Cause I was always
your little girl ♪
♪ But you should know by now ♪
♪ I'm not a baby ♪
♪ You always taught
me right from wrong ♪
♪ I need your help
Daddy, please be strong ♪
♪ I may be young at heart ♪
♪ But I know what I'm sayin' ♪
♪ The one you warned me all about ♪
♪ The one you said
I could do without ♪
♪ We're in an awful mess ♪
♪ And I don't mean maybe ♪
♪ Please Papa, don't preach ♪
♪ I'm in trouble deep ♪
♪ Papa, don't preach
I've been losin' sleep ♪
♪ But I've made up my mind ♪
♪ I'm keepin' my baby ♪
♪ Ooh, I'm gonna
keep my baby, mmm ♪♪
Sing it again.
I think this is the first time they
have all been asleep at the same time.
What's that smell? Soap.
- You got them to
take a bath? - Mm-hmm.
What are you, an exorcist?
She's like a jet, right? I need a new
clutch and a new set ofshocks, but—
[ Sighs ] She is really comin' together.
What are you gonna
do when the kid comes?
You can't put a car seat in that thing.
No latch system.
You were awesome tonight.
I was surprised at
how I kinda enjoyed it.
I was worried about you at first.
You seemed distracted—
all that texting to Mike.
Distracted? I was the opposite, babe.
I was totally into it.
All I know is we proved
something tonight.
This parenting thing— we can do this.
You set me up! With Finn!
Looks like someone is
running for drama queen again.
How could you do that? I
thought we were friends.
And what made you think that?
You should be thanking me. All
I did was help you realize...
that your schoolgirl fantasy of running
offwith Finn was nothing but a fairy tale.
You like him.
Yeah. That's— That's what this is.
And you were just trying to
eliminate the competition.
I wasjust helping him understand that
you are not a viable second choice.
You think I'm a second choice?
A distant second. You think
I'm living in a fairy tale?
If I were second, or if I were 50th, I'd
still be ahead ofyou, because I'm a girl.
Okay, here's the dope, princess.
There's no hope for either of us.
He loves Quinn. They're
having a baby together.
We're nothing but distractions.
The sooner we realize that,
the better.
[ School Bell Rings ]
Keep your paws off my man.
Clear? [ Scoffs ] Who's your man?
Don't play stupid, tubbers.
Oh, and for the record,
asking someone to babysit
with you is super '90s.
I happen to know that Puck
cares about me. Oh, wake up.
While you two were babysitting,
Puck and I were sexting.
Sexting?
Sexy texting. Seriously,
what era are you from?
While you two were playing house,
Puck and I were
trading super-hot texts.
Why don't you check his cell phone?
'Cause my sexts are too hot to erase.
[ Scoffs ]
Thankyou all for coming.
We are so honored to have you guys here.
So, without further ado, I
present the New Directions.
[ Artie ] ♪Yes ♪
♪ So crazy right now ♪
♪ Most incredibly ♪
♪ It's your boy Artie ♪
♪ It's your girl Mercedes ♪
♪ You ready ♪
♪Hey ♪ ♪ Uh-oh,
uh-oh, uh-oh Oh, no, no ♪
♪ Uh-oh, uh-oh,
uh-oh Oh, no, no ♪
♪ I look and stare
so deep in your eyes ♪
♪ I touch on you more
and more every time ♪
♪ When you leave I'm
beggin' you not to go ♪
♪ Call your name two,
three times in a row ♪
♪ I'm hairy high and low ♪
♪ Don't ask me why I don't know ♪
- ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
- ♪ Got me lookin' so crazy right now ♪
♪ Your love's got me
lookin' so crazy right now ♪
♪ Got me lookin'
so crazy right now ♪
♪ Your touch got me
lookin' so crazy right now ♪
[ Artie ] ♪ Give me a ♪ [
Chorus ] ♪ Head with hair♪
♪ Long, beautiful hair♪
♪ Shining, gleaming ♪
♪ Streaming, flaxen, waxen ♪
♪ Got me hopin' you
page me right now ♪
♪ Your kiss got me hopin'
you save me right now ♪
♪ Lookin' so crazy, your love's got me
lookin', got me lookin' so crazy in love ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ Got me lookin'
so crazy right now ♪
- ♪Hey ♪
- ♪ Your love's got me lookin' so crazy right now ♪
♪ Got me lookin'
so crazy right now ♪
- ♪ Your love ♪
- ♪ Your touch got me lookin' so crazy right now ♪
♪ Down to here Down to
there Down to there ♪
♪ Down to where it stops by itself♪
- ♪ Where it stops by itself♪
- ♪♪ [ Mercedes Vocalizing ]
♪ Got me lookin' so crazy
right now ♪ ♪We're crazy ♪
♪ Your love's got me lookin'
so crazy right now ♪ ♪Hey ♪
♪ Got me lookin' so crazy right
now ♪ ♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪
- ♪ Hey, hey ♪
- ♪ Your touch got me lookin' so crazy right now ♪
♪ My hair's goin'
crazy right now ♪♪
[ All Panting ]
[ Laughter]
It didn't work at all, did it?
That wasjust the rehearsal.
It's still just a little rough.
But we're onto something.
[ Sighs ]
♪ Imagine there's no heaven ♪
♪ It's easy ifyou try ♪
♪ No hell below us ♪
♪ Ábove us only sky ♪
♪ Imagine all the people ♪
♪ Living life for today ♪
♪ Imagine there's no countries ♪
- ♪ It's not hard to do ♪
- ♪ It isn't hard to do ♪
- ♪ Nothing to kill or die for ♪
- ♪ Nothing to kill or to die for ♪
[ Both ] ♪ And no religion too ♪
♪ Imagine all the people ♪
♪ Living life in peace ♪
♪You ♪
♪ You may say I'm a dreamer♪
♪♪ [ Vocalizing ]
♪ But I'm not the only one ♪
♪ I hope someday you will join us ♪
♪ And the world will be as one ♪
♪ Imagine no possessions ♪
♪ I wonder ifyou can ♪
♪ No need for greed or hunger♪
♪ Á brotherhood of man ♪
♪ Imagine all the people ♪
♪ Sharing all the world ♪
♪You ♪
♪ You may say I'm a dreamer♪
♪ But I'm not the only one ♪
♪ I hope someday ♪
♪ You will join us ♪
♪ You'll join us ♪
♪ And the world
will live as one ♪♪
[ Laughter ]
- [ Beeping ]
- Hey, babe.
Um, you really don't want to do that.
You lied to me. I'm sorry.
I tried to resist Santana. I did.
But I'm young, and girls
have this power over me.
But, hey, it's all good.
It's definitely not all good.
I thought you wanted to be
with me. I do— like, a lot.
But you haven't given it up to me
since the night I knocked you up, and—
Baby, I'm a dude. I have needs.
So you expect to raise a baby
with me and text dirty messages...
to every other girl at this school if
I don't give it up to you every day?
No.Just the hot girls.
Look. I'm gonna be a good dad,
but I'm not gonna
stop being me to do it.
[ Quinn ] You can have her.
Are you serious?
A girl really needs a good father,
and the only way she's gonna
get that is if I give her to you.
You think Mr. Schue's gonna
be a good father, don't you?
Yeah. I think he's
gonna be an amazing dad.
Will.
- Hey, guys.
- I thought you were gonna be at the scrapyard all afternoon.
Oh, yeah. Uh, change of plans.
Got distracted with something else.
Uh, Quinn, what are you doing here?
Oh, girl talk. We're exchanging
pregnancy war stories.
Oh. That's nice.
Well, when you get a sec, can you
meet me out in the garage, Ter?
Oh, I wasjust leaving, so-
Yes?
Later, Mr. Schue.
[ Door Opens, Closes ]
You know I hate surprises.
Where's the Blue Bomber II? Ah, I sold it
to some kid— for a tidy little profit.
Let him have the fun. I made enough for a
down payment on a car for ourwhole family.
Oh, Terri,
I love you...
and our little girl,
and I don't want anything
to distract me from you guys.
[ School Bell Rings ]
- Hi.
Can we be in love again?
I have to tell you something first.
I, uh, want us to be honest
with each other no matter what.
You can tell me anything.
Cool. Uh—
I-It's not really even that big a deal.
I mean, I didn't actually
do anything, but...
the other night when
you were babysitting,
I kinda went over to Rachel's house.
But nothing happened. I...just
was worked up about us fighting,
and then she put on this
really weird Catwoman suit,
and so I think something could
have happened, but i-it didn't.
Because I only want to be with you.
It's all right.
Thankyou for being honest with me.
I love you, Quinn.
I love you too.
Okay.
[ School Bell Rings ]
[ Knocking ] Hey, Sue, you got a sec?
Sure.
I owe you an apology.
I-I did think the kids needed
to be a little more showbiz,
and I was wrong.
That isn't who they are.
So thankyou for helping me see that.
Oh, and, uh, here's the new set list.
[ Mutters ]
Wow, these are great choices, William.
"Proud Mary." Smokin' hot deep cut.
- Smokin' hot. [ Laughs ]
- Don't mock me.
- Sorry.
- Oh. I don't recognize this last one.
Oh, that's the new addition.
Yeah, I want the kids to forget everything
I taught them about hairography because—
We're starting from
scratch. Grab a stool.
So we're a stool choir now? No.
We're not dancing with the stools.
No gimmicks. No false theatricality.
We'rejust gonna sit in them and sing.
Thanks, Mr. Schuester.
This is their set list from sectionals.
"Don't Stop Believing." That's in.
"Proud Mary" performed
in wheelchairs. That's in.
Now, I suggest you take these two songs,
split them between your two groups,
and I'll pull some strings and make sure
that Schuester and his group perform last.
That way, it'll look like
he stole the songs from you.
Um, who do you think I am?
That's actually a very good question,
because I've forgotten both ofyour names.
Look, I spend every waking hour of
my day trying to teach those girls...
that lying and cheating is not the
way you're ever gonna get ahead.
And you're suggesting I do exactly that
so that they can win a singing competition?
Yeah, pretty much.
[ Sighs ] I thinkyou're
missing an opportunity...
to give your girls a second chance.
These McKinley kids are gonna do fine.
But outside ofGlee Club, your girls
don't have a heck ofa lot going for them.
And I'd hate to see them
so devastated by losing...
that they give up entirely.
You know how many deafchoirs
have won this competition?
Okay, everybody's gonna need to
speak up, because I can't hear.
Deaf in one ear. Scarlet fever.
I assume you read lips. Read these.
Never let anything...
distract you from winning.
♪♪ [ Glee Club Vocalizing ] Ever.
♪♪ [ Vocalizing Continues ]
♪ You with the sad eyes ♪
♪ Don't be discouraged ♪
♪ Oh, I realize it's ♪
♪ Hard to take courage ♪
♪ In a world full of people ♪
♪ You can lose sight of it all ♪
♪ And darkness still inside you
will make you feel so small ♪
♪ But I see your true
colors shining through ♪
♪ I see your true colors ♪
♪ Ánd that's why I love you ♪
♪ So don't be afraid
to let them show ♪
♪ Your true colors ♪
♪ True colors ♪
♪ Are beautiful ♪
♪ Like a rainbow ♪
♪ Show me a smile then ♪
♪ Don't be unhappy
Can't rememberwhen I ♪
♪ Last saw you laughing ♪
♪ Ifthis world makes you crazy ♪
♪ And you've taken all you can bear♪
♪ You call me up ♪
♪ Because you know I'll be there ♪
♪ And I see your true colors ♪
♪ Shining through
♪ ♪ Shining Yeah ♪
♪ I see your true colors ♪
♪ Ánd that's why I love you ♪
- ♪ So don't be afraid ♪
- ♪ Afraid ♪
♪ To let them show ♪
♪ Your true colors ♪
♪ True colors ♪
♪ Are beautiful ♪
♪ Like a rainbow ♪♪
♪♪ [ Vocalizing ]
♪♪ [ Harmonic Vocalizing ]
♪♪ [ Ends ]
English
- US - PSDH